README.md, before:

# TP1 B3 DevOps

## Summary

- [Description](#description)
- [Start the project](#start-the-project)
  - [1. Clone the project](#1-clone-the-project)
  - [2. Fill the .env file](#2-fill-the-env-file)
  - [3. Build the project](#3-build-the-project)
  - [4. Run the project](#4-run-the-project)
  - [5. Test the project](#5-test-the-project)
  - [6. Stop the project](#6-stop-the-project)
- [Context](#context)

## Description

This project is a simple HTTP server that returns the header of the request in JSON format.

## Start the project

### 1. Clone the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Wiibleyde/tp1-b3-devops.git
```

### 2. Fill the .env file

```bash
echo "PING_LISTEN_PORT=8080" > .env
```

or

```bash
cp .env.sample .env
```

### 3. Build the project

```bash
cargo build --release
```

Alternatively, you can run the project in debug mode:

```bash
cargo run
```

### 4. Run the project

```bash
./target/release/TP1
```

### 5. Test the project

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080
```

This should return the header of your request (in JSON format).

### 6. Stop the project

```bash
# Press Ctrl+C
```

## Context

This project was made for the B3 DevOps course at Ynov Campus.

Commit message:

Update README.md to clarify default server port when .env file is missing
Signed-off-by: Wiibleyde <nathan@bonnell.fr>

README.md, after:

# TP1 B3 DevOps

## Summary

- [Description](#description)
- [Start the project](#start-the-project)
  - [1. Clone the project](#1-clone-the-project)
  - [2. Fill the .env file](#2-fill-the-env-file)
  - [3. Build the project](#3-build-the-project)
  - [4. Run the project](#4-run-the-project)
  - [5. Test the project](#5-test-the-project)
  - [6. Stop the project](#6-stop-the-project)
- [Context](#context)

## Description

This project is a simple HTTP server that returns the header of the request in JSON format.

## Start the project

### 1. Clone the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Wiibleyde/tp1-b3-devops.git
```

### 2. Fill the .env file

```bash
echo "PING_LISTEN_PORT=8080" > .env
```

or

```bash
cp .env.sample .env
```

*If the .env file is not present, the server will listen on port 8080 by default.*

### 3. Build the project

```bash
cargo build --release
```

Alternatively, you can run the project in debug mode:

```bash
cargo run
```

### 4. Run the project

```bash
./target/release/TP1
```

### 5. Test the project

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080
```

This should return the header of your request (in JSON format).

### 6. Stop the project

```bash
# Press Ctrl+C
```

## Context

This project was made for the B3 DevOps course at Ynov Campus.
